Why are you all here?
Hmm, right.
I'm here to talk to Brother Chu Feng about my dad's condition
He asked me about my dad today
But I wasn't available.
I never wrote
I happened to have time this week, so I came over.
Believe it or not, you are out
That's right, that's right, that's really how it works.
What about you tonight?
I want to thank Chu Feng today.
Today at the painting shop
Quickly drive the beautiful Liu Xiong away
I didn't expect Sister Duoying to come here?
Big night
Uh, Shishi, the last time I had surgery in the hospital
Have those opinions
Although others are unreliable, I am in a bad mood.
So I will come
Boy, hahaha, hey Sisi, what about you?
Why are you here?
Ah, what about Shishi?
Today is for me to come
At his banquet the day after tomorrow
Pretending to be his boyfriend to deal with Wang Fan
You should have heard what I just said
Now that everyone is done, why don't we go?
After all, some people are weak
If you exercise, your legs will be soft.
Have a good rest.
Yes, I still have paintings to prepare.
Yeah, that's right.
The first surgery in the hospital tomorrow, I'm leaving
Then let's get out, let's go, let's go
Walk slowly
Dear
Why didn't I roll over?